gh-85162: Add HTTPSServer to http.server (#129607)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-02-02-00-30-09.gh-issue-85162.BNF_aJ.rst

The :mod:`http.server` module now includes built-in support for HTTPS

> servers exposed by :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. In addition, the
> ``--tls-cert``, ``--tls-key`` and ``--tls-password-file`` command-line
> arguments have been added to the ``python -m http.server``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
servers exposed by :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. This functionality
is exposed by the command-line interface (``python -m http.server``) through
the ``--tls-cert``, ``--tls-key`` and ``--tls-password-file`` options.
```

> The :mod:`http.server` module now includes built-in support for HTTPS

Reviewer: This requires more than just a blurb. it's a full fledged new feature so a What's New entry is needed.

> The :mod:`http.server` module now includes built-in support for HTTPS
> server. New :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer` class is an implementation of
> HTTPS server that uses :mod:`ssl` module by providing a certificate and
> private key. The ``--tls-cert``, ``--tls-key`` and ``--tls-password-file``
> arguments have been added to ``python -m http.server``. Patch by Semyon
> Moroz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`http.server` module now includes built-in support for HTTPS
servers exposed by :class:`http.server.HTTPSServer`. In addition, the
``--tls-cert``, ``--tls-key`` and ``--tls-password-file`` command-line
arguments have been added to the ``python -m http.server``.
Patch by Semyon Moroz.
```
